1)Express.JS:
	Express is a web application framework for Node.js, released as free and open-source software under the MIT License. 
	It is designed for building web applications and APIs.
	It has been called the de facto standard server framework for Node.js.
	Express is the backend component of the MEAN stack, together with the MongoDB database software and AngularJS frontend framework.
	Express.js has been utilised by many companies including Fox Sports, Uber and IBM.
	Express currently has over 500 million downloads.
	
2)Hapi.JS:
	A rich framework for building applications and services.
	Hapi enables developers to focus on writing reusable application logic instead of spending time building infrastructure.
	hapi is a simple to use configuration-centric framework with built-in support for input validation, caching, authentication, and other essential facilities for building web and services applications


3)Flatiron:
	Flatiron provides Framework components for node.js and the browser.

4)Locomotive:
	Locomotive is a web framework for Node.js. 
	Locomotive supports MVC patterns, RESTful routes, and convention over configuration, while integrating seamlessly with any database and template engine. 
	Locomotive builds on Express, preserving the power and simplicity you've come to expect from Node.

5)Total.JS:
	Total.js framework is a framework for Node.js platfrom written in pure JavaScript similar to PHP's Laravel or Python's Django or ASP.NET MVC. 
	It can be used as web, desktop, service or IoT application.
	This framework was written in 2013 from scratch. 
	The main idea of the framework is to be complex, stable and without dependencies. 
	Total.js Platform is a collection of libraries, packages and complete products in the most cases written in Total.js framework.

6)Koa.JS:
	Koa is a new web framework designed by the team behind Express, which aims to be a smaller, more expressive, and more robust foundation for web applications and APIs. 
	By leveraging async functions, Koa allows you to ditch callbacks and greatly increase error-handling. 
	Koa does not bundle any middleware within its core, and it provides an elegant suite of methods that make writing servers fast and enjoyable.
	
7)ZinkyJS:
	‘ZinkyJS’ is a minimalist semi-opinionated modular framework.
	The idea behind it was to make every feature in the application separated from the others so developers can easily maintain their code and reuse it over applications.
	In Addition to that, the separation of features makes team work smoother and reduces conflicts.
	The features are organized into folders with every feature containing its fullstack code, from routes to client controller through views.
	ZinkyJS supports all ExpressJS middlewares so developers don’t have to reinvent the wheel, they just evoluate.

8)Diet.JS:
	A tiny, fast and modular node.js web framework. 
	Good for making fast & scalable apps and apis.

9)Derby.JS:
	The Derby MVC framework makes it easy to write realtime, collaborative applications that run in both Node.js and browsers.
	Derby includes a powerful data synchronization engine called Racer that automatically syncs data among browsers, servers, and a database. 
	Models subscribe to changes on specific objects, enabling granular control of data propagation without defining channels. 
	Racer supports offline usage and conflict resolution out of the box, which greatly simplifies writing multi-user applications.
	Derby applications load immediately and can be indexed by search engines, because the same templates render on both server and client. 
	In addition, templates define bindings, which instantly update the view when the model changes and vice versa. 
	Derby makes it simple to write applications that load as fast as a search engine, are as interactive as a document editor, and work offline.

10)Socket.IO:
	Socket.IO enables real-time, bidirectional and event-based communication.
	It works on every platform, browser or device, focusing equally on reliability and speed.
	One of the most powerful JavaScript frameworks on GitHub, and most depended-upon npm module.

11)Sails.JS:
	Sails makes it easy to build custom, enterprise-grade Node.js apps.
	Sails bundles a powerful ORM, Waterline, which provides a simple data access layer that just works, no matter what database you're using.
	Sails comes with blueprints that help jumpstart your app's backend without writing any code.
	Since Sails translates incoming socket messages for you, they're automatically compatible with every route in your Sails app.
	Sails is compatible with any front-end: Angular, React, iOS, Android, Windows Phone, custom hardware, or something else entirely.

12)Meteor.JS:
	Meteor is an open source platform for web, mobile, and desktop.
	Bulids app for any device.
	Use the same code whether you’re developing for web, iOS, Android, or desktop. 
	Hot push new features without app store approval or forcing users to download a new native app.